Document creation of builtin-extension-pack '.vsix' (#65)
eclipse-theia/vscode-builtin-extensions: README.md

The generated `.vsix` will be under folder `./dist`

## Packaging builtin-extensions as a builtin-extension-pack '.vsix`

The version of the built-ins extension package is taken from VS Code's `package.json` and adjusted automatically when packaging a `next` revision.

Latest / solid revision example:

    cd vscode; git checkout 1.45.0; cd ..
    yarn; yarn create-extension-pack:latest

Next / interim revision example:

    cd vscode; git checkout d69a79b73808559a91206d73d7717ff5f798f23c; cd ..
    yarn; yarn create-extension-pack:next

The generated `.vsix` will be under folder `./dist`

## Publishing vscode-builtin-extensions and builtin-extension-packs to open-vsx

> The `ovsx` client is used to publish to an open-vsx registry. By default https://open-vsx.org is used. To use another open-vsx registry, set its URL in environment variable `OVSX_REGISTRY_URL`. Use environment variable `OVSX_PAT` to store the personal access token obtained from the registry.

Reviewer: minor:

```suggestion
The `ovsx` client is used to publish to an open-vsx registry. By default https://open-vsx.org is used. To use another open-vsx registry, set its URL in environment variable `OVSX_REGISTRY_URL`. Use the environment variable `OVSX_PAT` to store the personal access token obtained from the registry.
```

> After packaging the extensions and extension packages as `.vsix` (see above), you may examine/test them under folder `dist`. Remove any that you do not wish to be published (e.g. those not working well). When ready proceed with publishing:

Reviewer: minor:

```suggestion
After packaging the extensions and extension packages as `.vsix` (see above), you may examine/test them under the `dist` folder. Remove any that you do not wish to be published (e.g. those not working well). When ready proceed with publishing:
```

The generated `.vsix` will be under folder `./dist`

> ## Packaging builtin-extensions as a builtin-extension-pack '.vsix`

Reviewer 2: I see that you've only been following the existing phrasing, but let's take this opportunity to improve this README. I suggest we start naming these extensions: "built-in vscode extensions". The short version could be "built-ins" - no need to use the long form all the time.

The title here would then be something like: "Packaging built-in vscode extensions in an extension pack".

It would make sense to update the whole document, if you are up for it,

Author: Done, I updated the whole document as saw it fit, thanks!

> ## Packaging built-in vscode extensions in an extension-pack '.vsix` file.

Reviewer 2: I think it's implied that an extension pack is itself a .vsix file, so we could omit  the last part.

Reviewer 2: e.g. go with "## Packaging built-in vscode extensions in an extension-pack"

Author: I have updated it as suggested in two places. thanks Marc.

The version of the builtin extension-pack corresponds to the `version` present in the vscode submodule's `package.json`. For `next` versions, an appropriate hash suffix is added.

Latest / solid revision example:

    cd vscode; git checkout 1.45.0; cd ..
    yarn; yarn create-extension-pack:latest

Next / interim revision example:

    cd vscode; git checkout d69a79b73808559a91206d73d7717ff5f798f23c; cd ..
    yarn; yarn create-extension-pack:next

The generated `.vsix` will be under the folder `./dist`

> ## Publishing vscode-builtin-extensions and builtin-extension-packs to open-vsx

Reviewer 2: I suggest "Publishing the built-in vscode extension pack to open-vsx"

Author: The thing is that this step publishes both, extension and extension-packs, so it seems the logical title would be: 
`Publishing the built-in vscode extensions and builtin-extension-packs to open-vsx`

Author: Actually, combining the comment with the next:
`Publishing individual built-in vscode extensions and builtin-extension-packs to open-vsx`
note that I am proposing to keep the plural form as we most likely be publishing more than one package in the near future.

The `ovsx` client is used to publish to an open-vsx registry. The default registry is set to the public instance at https://open-vsx.org.

The environment variable `OVSX_REGISTRY_URL` may be set to configure publishing to a different registry URL.

The environment variable `OVSX_PAT` is used to set the personal access token obtained from the registry.

> After packaging the extensions and extension packages as `.vsix` (see above), you may examine/test them under the `dist` folder. Remove any extension that you do not wish to be published (e.g. those not working well), and when ready proceed with publishing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After packaging the extensions and extension-packs as `.vsix` (see above), you may examine/test them under the `dist` folder. Remove any extension that you do not wish to be published (e.g. those not working well), and when ready proceed with publishing:
```

Author: Done

    yarn publish:vsix

> ## Re-publishing vscode-builtin-extensions and builtin-extension-packs to open-vsx

Reviewer 2: I suggest: "Re-publishing individual vscode built-in extensions and the built-in extensions pack to open-vsx"

Author: As per the comment above, it seems the corresponding name would be:
`Re-publishing individual built-in vscode extensions and built-in extension packs to open-vsx.`

The generated `.vsix` will be under folder `./dist`

## Packaging builtin-extensions as a builtin-extension-pack '.vsix`

> The version of the built-ins extension package is taken from the vscode sub-module's `package.json` and and a corresponding hash suffix is added to it when packaging a `next` revision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of the builtin extension-pack corresponds to the `version` present in the vscode submodule's `package.json`. For `next` versions, an appropriate hash suffix is added.
```

Author: Done

Latest / solid revision example:

    cd vscode; git checkout 1.45.0; cd ..
    yarn; yarn create-extension-pack:latest

Next / interim revision example:

    cd vscode; git checkout d69a79b73808559a91206d73d7717ff5f798f23c; cd ..
    yarn; yarn create-extension-pack:next

> The generated `.vsix` will be under folder `./dist`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated `.vsix` will be under the folder `./dist`
```

Author: Done

## Publishing vscode-builtin-extensions and builtin-extension-packs to open-vsx

> The `ovsx` client is used to publish to an open-vsx registry. The default registry is set to https://open-vsx.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ovsx` client is used to publish to an open-vsx registry. The default registry is set to the public instance at https://open-vsx.org.
```

Author: Done

The environment variable `OVSX_REGISTRY_URL` may be set to configure publishing to a different registry URL.

> The environment variable `OVSX_PAT` is used to set the personal 
> access token obtained from the registry.

Reviewer: Remove superflous newline.

```suggestion
The environment variable `OVSX_PAT` is used to set the personal access token obtained from the registry.
```

Author: Done

> After packaging the extensions and extension packages as `.vsix` (see above), you may examine/test them under the `dist` folder. Remove any that you do not wish to be published (e.g. those not working well). When ready proceed with publishing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After packaging the extensions and extension packages as `.vsix` (see above), you may examine/test them under the `dist` folder. Remove any extension that you do not wish to be published (e.g. those not working well), and when ready proceed with publishing:
```

Author: Done
